-------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                   The Lydia License, version 1.02
        Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Delft University of Technology
                   Non-Commercial Academic Use Only
-------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Delft University of Technology, Embedded Software Laboratory License
Agreement Non-Commercial Academic Use Only

This Delft University of Technology, Embedded Software Laboratory
License Agreement (DUTESL-LA), including all exhibits is a legal
agreement between you and Delft University of Technology, Embedded
Software Laboratory for the software or data identified above, which
may include source code, and any associated materials, text or speech
files, associated media and "online" or electronic documentation and
any updates we provide in our discretion (together, the
"Software"). By installing, copying, or otherwise using this Software,
you agree to be bound by the terms of this DUTESL-LA. If you do not
agree, do not install, copy, or use the Software. The Software is
protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and is
licensed, not sold.

SCOPE OF RIGHTS:

You may use, copy, reproduce, and distribute this Software for any
non-commercial academic purpose, subject to the restrictions in this
DUTESL-LA. Some purposes which can be non-commercial academic are
teaching, academic or scientific research, and personal
experimentation. You may also distribute this Software with books or
other teaching materials, or publish the Software on websites, that
are intended to teach the use of the Software for academic or other
non-commercial purposes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, you may only use the tools included in the Software to build
the Lydia system, or build applications that will include Lydia.

You may not use or distribute this Software or any derivative works in
any form for commercial purposes. Examples of commercial purposes
would be running business operations, licensing, leasing, or selling
the Software, distributing the Software for use with commercial
products, using the Software in the creation or use of commercial
products or any other activity which purpose is to procure a
commercial gain to you or others.

You may create derivative works of the Software source code and
distribute the modified Software solely for non-commercial academic
purposes, as provided herein. If you distribute the Software or any
derivative works of the Software, you will distribute them under the
same terms and conditions as in this license, and you will not grant
other rights to the Software or derivative works that are different
from those provided by this DUTESL-LA. Your license rights to the
Software (or any Delft University of Technology, Embedded Software
Laboratory intellectual property associated therewith) does not
include any license, right, power or authority to subject the Software
or derivative works thereof in whole or in part to the terms of any
license that requires as a condition of use, modification and/or
distribution of software subject to such license that the software or
other software combined and/or distributed with such software be (A)
disclosed or distributed in source code form; (B) licensed for the
purpose of making derivative works; or (C) redistributable at no
charge.

If you have created derivative works of the Software, and distribute
such derivative works, you will cause the modified files to carry
prominent notices so that recipients know that they are not receiving
the original Software. Such notices must state: (i) that you have
changed the Software; and (ii) the date of any changes.

In return, we simply require that you agree:

1. That you will not remove any copyright or other notices from the
Software.

2. That if any of the Software is in binary format, you will not
attempt to modify such portions of the Software, or to reverse
engineer or decompile them, except and only to the extent authorized
by applicable law.

3. That you will not: (i) use the Software or any component of the
Software or any program, code, application or technology created
through use of the Software (for example, an application or program
compiled using the included compilers) in a live operating environment
where it may be relied upon to perform in the same manner as a
commercially released product, or with data that has not been
sufficiently backed up.

4. That Delft University of Technology, Embedded Software Laboratory
is granted back, a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, and
sub-licensable license to, for any purpose, reproduce, publicly
perform or display, install, use, modify, distribute, make and have
made, sell and transfer modifications to and/or derivative works of
the Software source code or data that you provide to Delft University
of Technology, Embedded Software Laboratory.

5. That any feedback about the Software provided by you to us is
voluntarily given, and Delft University of Technology shall be free to
use the feedback as it sees fit without obligation or restriction of
any kind, even if the feedback is designated by you as confidential.

6. THAT THE SOFTWARE COMES "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTIES. THIS MEANS NO
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ANY
WARRANTY AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE SOFTWARE OR
ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT
THIS SOFTWARE WILL FULFILL ANY OF YOUR PARTICULAR PURPOSES OR
NEEDS. ALSO, YOU MUST PASS THIS DISCLAIMER ON WHENEVER YOU DISTRIBUTE
THE SOFTWARE OR DERIVATIVE WORKS.

7. THAT NEITHER DELFT UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY, EMBEDDED SOFTWARE
LABORATORY NOR ANY CONTRIBUTOR TO THE SOFTWARE WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE OR THIS DUTESL-LA, INCLUDING DIRECT,
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT THE LAW PERMITS, NO MATTER WHAT LEGAL THEORY IT IS BASED
ON. ALSO, YOU MUST PASS THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ON WHENEVER YOU
DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE OR DERIVATIVE WORKS.

8. That we have no duty of reasonable care or lack of negligence, and
we are not obligated to (and will not) provide technical support or
bug fixes for the Software.

9. That if you breach this DUTESL-LA or if you sue anyone over patents
that you think may apply to or read on the Software or anyone's use of
the Software, this DUTESL-LA (and your license and rights obtained
herein) terminate automatically. Upon any such termination, you shall
destroy all of your copies of the Software immediately. Sections 4
through 9, 11 and 12 of this DUTESL-LA shall survive any termination
of this DUTESL-LA.

10. That the patent rights, if any, granted to you in this DUTESL-LA
only apply to the Software, not to any derivative works you make.

11. That the Software may be subject to EU export jurisdiction at
the time it is licensed to you, and it may be subject to additional
export or import laws in other places. You agree to comply with all
such laws and regulations that may apply to the Software after
delivery of the software to you.

12. That all rights not expressly granted to you in this DUTESL-LA are
reserved.

13. That this DUTESL-LA shall be construed and controlled by the laws
of The Netherlands and the EU, without regard to conflicts of law. If
any provision of this DUTESL-LA shall be deemed unenforceable or
contrary to law, the rest of this DUTESL-LA shall remain in full
effect and interpreted in an enforceable manner that most nearly
captures the intent of the original language.
