.TH mvwff2tvwff 1 "26 January 2006" "Lydia 2.0" "Lydia toolkit"
.SH NAME
mvwff2tvwff \- convert Lydia multi-valued Wff to Boolean Wff
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mvwff2tvwff
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIDEST\fR]
.br
.B mvwff2tvwff
[\fB\-h\fR]
.br
.B mvwff2tvwff
[\fB\-v\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Lydia language supports multi-valued variables (these are
variables of type "enum"). Models containing such multi-valued
variables need to be translated to logically equivalent models where
each multi-valued variable is replaced with one or more Boolean
variables. This can be done with the "mvwff2tvwff" utility. Note that
multiple encodings exist and they have different properties when it
comes to space and time.  The default behavior is to use "sparse"
encodings.  For more information refer to the Lydia web site and
related literature.
.PP
The "mvwff2tvwff" utility works both on flat and hierarchical
multi-valued Wff representations.
.PP
If SOURCE is not specified, model will be read from standard input. If
DEST is not specified the compiled model will be sent to standard output.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h
Display a short help text.
.TP
\-v
Show version information and exit.
.TP
-D
Use "dense" in lieu of "sparse" encodings.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <lydia-bugs@fdir.org>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lydia (1),
.BR lc (1),
.BR lcm2wff (1),
.BR wff2cnf (1),
.BR smoothy (1),
.BR lsim (1),
.BR cdas (1),
.BR cnf2dnf (1),
.BR scotty (1),
.BR gotcha (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005-2006, Delft University of Technology.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Alexander Feldman, some parts of the language and the
tool kit are based on a prototype Lydia 1.0 implementation.
