.TH obdd2dnf 1 "18 June 2006" "Lydia 2.0" "Lydia toolkit"
.SH NAME
obdd2dnf \- convert Lydia OBDD to DNF
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B obdd2dnf
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIDEST\fR]
.br
.B obdd2dnf
[\fB\-h\fR]
.br
.B obdd2dnf
[\fB\-v\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The purpose of the "obdd2dnf" utility is to convert an Ordered Binary
Decision Diagram (OBDD) to Disjunctive Normal Form (DNF). A DNF is a
disjunction of terms, where a term is a conjunction of literals and a
literal is a negated or unnegated variable. Note, that the size of the
output grows pretty quickly (exponentially in the worst-case) as a
function of the input size. More information you can find in the Lydia
documentation and in the links at the Lydia web-site.
.PP
The "obdd2dnf" utility works both on flat and hierarchical OBDD
representations.
.PP
If SOURCE is not specified, model will be read from standard input. If
DEST is not specified the compiled model will be sent to standard output.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-f
Use an obsolete brute force method (used for testing purposes).
.TP
\-h
Display a short help text.
.TP
\-v
Show version information and exit.
.TP
-V
Send execution statistics to the standard error after finishing the
compilation.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <lydia-bugs@fdir.org>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lydia (1),
.BR lc (1),
.BR lcm2wff (1),
.BR wff2cnf (1),
.BR wff2obdd (1),
.BR smoothy (1),
.BR lsim (1),
.BR cdas (1),
.BR cnf2dnf (1),
.BR scotty (1),
.BR gotcha (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005-2006, Delft University of Technology.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Alexander Feldman, some parts of the language and the
tool kit are based on a prototype Lydia 1.0 implementation.
