.TH smoothy 1 "10 January 2005" "Lydia 2.0" "Lydia toolkit"
.SH NAME
smoothy \- the Lydia inlining utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B smoothy
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIDEST\fR]
.br
.B smoothy
[\fB\-h\fR]
.br
.B smoothy
[\fB\-v\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Lydia language can express hierarchical structure and the models
are compiled with this structure preserved. The presence of
hierarchical information is of extreme importance for the speed of the
reasoning and Lydia presents both algorithms which can utilize this
hierarchical information for faster diagnosis as well as the slower
traditional "flat" implementations. The purpose of "smoothy" is to
remove the hierarchical information, producing a flat representation
for these reasoning engines which need a flat format. Note, that some
representations (e.g. Disjunctive Normal Form) can grow exponentially
in the process of inlining. When in doubt consult the knowledge
compilation literature and the Lydia manuals and papers.
.PP
If SOURCE is not specified, model will be read from standard input. If
DEST is not specified the compiled model will be sent to standard output.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h
Display a short help text.
.TP
\-v
Show version information and exit.
.TP
\-V
Increase verbosity and show the names of the nodes which are being
inlined.
.TP
-S
Do not perform Boolean CNF/DNF simplification which can be costly for
larger models.
.TP
-s <depth>
Do partial inlining (cf. the Lydia algorithms page for more
information).
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <lydia-bugs@fdir.org>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lydia (1),
.BR lc (1),
.BR lcm2wff (1),
.BR wff2cnf (1),
.BR tvwff2mvwff (1),
.BR lsim (1),
.BR cdas (1),
.BR cnf2dnf (1),
.BR scotty (1),
.BR gotcha (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005-2006, Delft University of Technology.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Alexander Feldman, some parts of the language and the
tool kit are based on a prototype Lydia 1.0 implementation.
