.TH wff2obdd 1 "07 February 2006" "Lydia 2.0" "Lydia toolkit"
.SH NAME
wff2obdd \- convert Lydia Boolean Propositional Wff to OBDD
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wff2obdd
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIDEST\fR]
.br
.B wff2obdd
[\fB\-h\fR]
.br
.B wff2obdd
[\fB\-v\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The purpose of the "wff2obdd" utility is to convert a Boolean
Propositional Wff (Well-Formed Formula) to an Ordered Binary Decision
Diagram (OBDD). A description of the OBDD format is outside the scope
of this manual page, but beware of the fact that the size of the
output grows pretty quickly as a function of the input size. More
information you can find in the Lydia documentation and following the
links at the Lydia web-site.
.PP
The "wff2obdd" utility works both on flat and hierarchical Boolean Wff
representations.
.PP
If SOURCE is not specified, model will be read from standard input. If
DEST is not specified the compiled model will be sent to standard output.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-f
Use an obsolete brute force method (used for testing purposes).
.TP
-V
Send execution statistics to the standard error after finishing the
compilation.
.TP
\-h
Display a short help text.
.TP
\-v
Show version information and exit.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <lydia-bugs@fdir.org>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lydia (1),
.BR lc (1),
.BR lcm2wff (1),
.BR wff2cnf (1),
.BR obdd2dnf (1),
.BR smoothy (1),
.BR lsim (1),
.BR cdas (1),
.BR cnf2dnf (1),
.BR scotty (1),
.BR gotcha (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005-2006, Delft University of Technology.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Alexander Feldman, some parts of the language and the
tool kit are based on a prototype Lydia 1.0 implementation.
